Problem Title: C. Make It Good

time limit per test1 second
memory limit per test256 megabytes

You are given an array aa consisting of n integers. You have to find the length of the smallest (shortest) prefix of elements you need to erase from a to make it a good array. Recall that the prefix of the array a=[a1,a2,…,an] is a subarray consisting several first elements: the prefix of the array a of length k is the array [a1,a2,…,ak] (0≤k≤n).
The array b of length m is called good, if you can obtain a non-decreasing array c (c1≤c2≤⋯≤cm) from it, repeating the following operation m times (initially, c is empty):
For example, if we do 4 operations: take b1, then bm, then bm−1 and at last b2, then b becomes [b3,b4,…,bm−3] and c=[b1,bm,bm−1,b2].
Consider the following example: b=[1,2,3,4,4,2,1]. This array is good because we can obtain non-decreasing array c from it by the following sequence of operations:
Note that the array consisting of one element is good.
Print the length of the shortest prefix of a to delete (erase), to make a to be a good array. Note that the required length can be 0.
You have to answer t independent test cases.
The first line of the input contains one integer t (1≤t≤2⋅104) — the number of test cases. Then t test cases follow.
The first line of the test case contains one integer n (1≤n≤2⋅105) — the length of a. The second line of the test case contains n integers a1,a2,…,an (1≤ai≤2⋅105), where ai is the i-th element of a.
It is guaranteed that the sum of n does not exceed 2⋅105 (∑n≤2⋅105).
For each test case, print the answer: the length of the shortest prefix of elements you need to erase from a to make it a good array.
In the first test case of the example, the array a is already good, so we don't need to erase any prefix.
In the second test case of the example, the initial array a is not good. Let's erase first 4 elements of a, the result is [4,5,2]. The resulting array is good. You can prove that if you erase fewer number of first elements, the result will not be good.